We invite you to join the largest not-for-profit pharma organization today! Pharmaceutical science and manufacturing professionals worldwide know that the best way to advance their professional and technical proficiency is through ISPE Membership.

Select the appropriate Membership Type below and submit a Membership Application. By joining or renewing, Members agree to uphold and abide by the ISPE Code of Conduct.

Prices valid through 31 December 2020. ISPE Membership is individual and non-transferable.

Time to Renew? Check your renewal status.

New Members Get Started by Choosing Your Member Type Below

All Members may vote on matters pending before the Society, hold office, and serve on committees. All memberships are individual and not transferable for professionals working or studying in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical manufacturing industry. By virtue of joining ISPE as a member, members agree to receive communications from ISPE.

About ISPE Membership Auto-Renew

As a convenience to our members, ISPE offers an auto-renewal option for managing your membership. With Auto-Renew your ISPE membership and associated benefits will not lapse. The payment process automatically renews each year, freeing you from having to resubmit your renewal and payment information. You will also avoid multiple renewal notices and marketing communications. Auto-Renew allows members to pay directly from their credit/debit card account.

By signing up for Auto-Renew, you authorize ISPE to charge your credit/debit card on file within 30 days of your membership expiration date. You may choose to turn Auto-Renew off at any time by visiting My Account at ISPE. You can see your renewal date in My Account, and you can always change your payment method, address information, or cancel your membership before you're automatically billed for your next term.

Please note that unless you notify us up until 5 days before your membership expiration date that you want to cancel or do not want to auto-renew, you understand your membership will automatically renew for that year and you authorize us (without notice to you, unless required by applicable law) to collect the then-applicable membership price, using the payment method we have on record for you. Thereafter, your membership will not Auto-Renew.

Acknowledgment

Instead of receiving an annual renewal notice, you will receive an upcoming charge notice at least 30 days before your credit/debit card will be charged for your annual membership. This notice will provide the amount that will be charged for your annual membership, how to cancel Auto-Renew, including online by visiting My Account at ISPE, and will advise that you have up until 5 days before your membership expiration date to cancel Auto-Renew. After you are charged, will receive an acknowledgement of the charge.

Contact Information

You must notify ISPE of any changes to your email, address, or payment information (credit card, account number, expiration date, etc.). Charge notices will be sent to the last street or email address that you provided. You can update your contact information by going to My Account at ISPE. To update your payment preferences, contact Member Services at ask@ispe.org or +1-813-960-2105.

Payment Method

If the payment method we have on file for you is declined for payment of your membership fee, ISPE will contact you to update your information promptly to avoid membership cancellation. If you provide us with a new eligible payment method and are successfully charged, your new membership period will be based on the original renewal date and not the date of the successful charge.

Membership Cancellation/Refund Policy

ISPE membership is individual and not transferable. You may terminate your membership with a full refund within 30 days of purchase via written notice to ask@ispe.org. Please note we do not accept terminations via phone. Membership purchased in conjunction with a conference or training event is only refundable upon approved cancellation of an event.

Changes to member type must be requested in writing to ask@ispe.org.

ISPE follows the World Bank’s guide for determining Emerging Economy Country status. Our list is updated annually in January. ISPE monitors classification changes but will not move a country until it has stayed in the new level for three consecutive years.

Additional information may need to be provided in writing to ISPE at ask@ispe.org.

Prefer to complete your membership forms by mail or fax. Download the membership form to get started.